
web console is missing the homeKit and tempest information blocks below the sensors

When clicking on the accessories row, expand the row to show all accessories just below the accessories row.

in the web dashboard, Use the lux table at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lux showing "Illuminance (lux)" and "Surfaces illuminated by" to give the lux value some context

in the web dashboard, As with the light  box, use the table at xxx to give pressure value some context.

in the web dashboard, As with the light sensor box, use the table at xxx to give humidity value some context. And add a "Feels like" temperature in the humidity box based on current temperature and humidity 

in the web dashboard, As with the light  box, use the table at xxx to give rain value some context.

in the web dashboard, add a box for UV Index sensor.

in the web dashboard, As with the light box, use the table at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ultraviolet_index Table column "UV Index" update with "media graphic color" and the text from column "Risk of harm from unprotected sun exposure, for the average adult" to give UV Index value some context.

in the web dashboard temperature box, add a line for average temp on this day over the last 5 years.

Add a trend line for the pressure graph.

Adjust pressure to sea level and show that it is adjusted. Click to toggle.

update readme.md, requirements.md, core_review.md

Update readme.md to show you and I are the authors. Add a reference section to show what you may have used in this program

lets re-implment the homekit sensors. Place all sensors in the Tempest Weather group. All sensors report a number. Sensors: (1) Wind Average: floating point, (2) Wind Guest: floating point, (3) wind direction: integer 0-360, (4) Air temperature: floating point, (5) relitive humidity: integer, percentage, (6) lux: floating, range: 0.0001 - 100000, (7) uv: integer, (8) rain: floating, (9) percipition type: integer, (10)lightning strike count: integer, (11) lightning strike distance: integer, (12) lightning strike count: integer


on the web console, add fair, clearing, storm, etc to the pressure card based on preasure history. Add tool tip showing table to calculation as with the light card

web console, include precipitation_type on rain card

